🚀 added self generating visa letters (#51)
djangocon/2022.djangocon.us: _pages/visas.md

## I need a letter to obtain a visa. Can you help me with that?

> We sure can! Head over to <a href="/invitation">Get Invitation Letter</a> to self generate your letter of invitation for your visa application at the US Consulate. You will be required to provide the following your name (as it appears on your passport), passport number, date of birth and home address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We sure can! Head over to <a href="/invitation">Get Invitation Letter</a> to request your letter of invitation for your visa application at the US Consulate. You will be required to provide:

- Full name (as it appears on your passport)
- Passport number
- Date of birth
- Home address
- Title of talk you're presenting (if any)
- Amount of opportunity grant funds awarded (if any)
```
